fix documentation for creating an HTTPScaledObject (#351)
kedacore/http-add-on: docs/walkthrough.md

## Creating an `HTTPScaledObject`

> You interact with the operator via a CRD called `HTTPScaledObject`. This CRD object points the request for an `Host` to a `Service`. To get an example app up and running, read the notes below and then run the subsequent command from the root of this repository.

Reviewer: I added a suggestion below to clarify how the CRD works with the interceptor

```suggestion
You interact with the operator via a CRD called `HTTPScaledObject`. This CRD object instructs interceptors to forward requests for a given host to your app's backing `Service`. To get an example app up and running, read the notes below and then run the subsequent command from the root of this repository.
```
